So in this video what I want to do is actually just go out and we're going to create a few classes that
I want to add.
I'm going out a new class here that's going to be more in line with what our theme is for this Web site
which is more of a music website.
So we're going to have a band that's yes file and bands are also going to have similar to what we had
in the book we're going to have both of the title
as well the title and genre
origin and then we'll just have the biography.
So just those four key elements on the band.
All right.
And and now that we have that let's go to the music controller and the music is instead of returning
a list of books it's going on return a list of bands.
And now the band is going to be called Bass.
This is going to be a new band
voyage and you lose
genre.
And then finally one biography around as well say blah blah blah.
All right so there we go.
So we have one band and now it's going to add a few more bands just because we feel like we need to
have a new band brand new band and
you can put whatever you want in here obviously.
At least we have three snow.
Another thing to is I want to move my list out of this scope from just this and next month that I want
to have it publicly available and available to the class which means I have to declare what type it
is.
It's a list of band and we probably have a better name for that.
All right so there we go.
All right and then finally what I want to do is go ahead and add a another page which we're going to
have actual result and this is going to be called Ad so this is we're going to add a new band to our
page so we're going to be adding a new band.
In this case we're not going to be posting anything so we'll see in just a moment.
This is just going to go ahead and create a new VM model.
So it is a variable view model equals new band and then we're going to pass that view model down to
the viewers who will say return this stuff view pass in the band and know the Wiimote on Sir
why are you doing that to me.
All right.
So now this ad is complaining and says doesn't return value because blah blah blah.
And that's because you're not returning this obviously and they return this view and now it's going
to stop complaining.
But there is no views.
At our view and since we're using a model we're going to be doing a create which means a form and we
can go out and create a band so we can add the band model and it's going to use the lay out page and
we're going to add that all right now what we also need to do is we need to update our layout page because
right now the layout page has way too much stuff in it.
So if we go over to the layout page you're going to see all this this content up here.
All these call outs and stuff like that like.
So basically we probably want the header and most of the pages like this about the services all of us
all know it all as young as about governing to get rid of all of that right now.
And we're going to put that inside of the home.
So instead of this we're going to put this inside of the home and that should be rendered only on the
home page then and the Shared Page is going to have much less stuff in there.
But I think this body should still probably be inside of a section and based on the CSSA of this bootstrap
theme that we're using.
All right so we have that instead of a section it looks like we have a pretty cleaned up application
that was getting press play and run this thing
so we're going navigate over to Home and X. And then you can see that we get the full thing like we
had with our lab of four that's fine now but if we go to music and we go to the index we're still not
it's still it's complete you mother.
That's right because we didn't update the the template so if we go over to the temple we update the
template for this music index file because if you remember correctly this is a list of bands so we're
going to say this create new.
We'll get into that in just a second actually.
Not going to get into that right this second.
This is going to say our list of bands.
Right.
And then we need to go up and we need to update the model to use band and book since that's what it's
iterating over and it looks like this is all good and we don't want the author the title we want the
genre probably next.
And then since we're in a table we'll just continue that for right now.
And we have the genre and then the origin and then the biography.
I suppose that those those four elements of our band and in here obviously we have a problem as well.
You would just say origin but we also need to shoot we need that to be in order.
This needs to be a genre
Hama and this needs to be biography.
All right.
So now our headers should match up to our data and we're good.
All right let's stop this.
Restart it.
And if you are over there we now have the layout being found and all that stuff and then inside this
this data we now have.
So let's go navigate over to the ad and we can see this.
They created this form for us in the scaffolding meaning they had gotten an application using Visual
Studio.
So what I want to do is replace this section render body right here and I'm gonna replace it with just
a container.
So I wanted to bootstrap container to do the render body you shouldn't have to restart the server you
should be able to just you should just be able to refresh it if you do that you can see that the changes
take effect right away.
And here we have some information that is it's really lacking here.
It's not it's not giving us any hopeful information as to what information we're filling out here it
does tell us that we're adding a band I guess that's sort of helpful.
One thing's for sure as well it seems like every page doesn't need this header so let's go ahead and
fix that as well as the final thing that we're going to do.
So let's go to the lay out and the lay out.
I'm going to get rid of this this head piece right here that should probably only be on the in the home
control or the I'm sorry the home page here.
So let's go and add this to the top.
All right there we go.
And once again you should be able to take effect right away.